about/index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About me
---

![Profile pic]({{ site.avatar }}?s=300.jpg)

My name is Nathan. I'm just another Aussie finding my way in London, accompanied in life by my beautiful wife, Rachel.

I was born in Melbourne, Australia. I moved to Brisbane in primary school and lived there until only a few years ago. Moving to London has been a life-changing experience and I'm happy Rachel was more adventurous than I, encouraging and eventually convincing me to take the steps to move.

I worked at Fujitsu through my undergraduate degrees doing various IT infrastructure installations and configurations. When I graduated I joined Grabba International as a design engineer doing electronics and software design. I progressed within Grabba to doing product management, I did an MBA part time, I even dabbled in business development and business management helping to establish their European subsidiary in the UK.

I then moved to Digital Science, part of Macmillan Publishers, focusing on software product management building science-focused products as well as mentoring and helping their portfolio of science-focused software start-ups.

I'm now working for Elsevier as a Senior Product Manager on ScienceDirect.

I've come to realise that, though I still enjoy coding and electronics design myself, product management is what I enjoy doing the most. I love building products that people need, that people want and that people love to use. I enjoy working with a high performing development team, coaching but also learning from my development team members. I have a general interest in start-ups, entrepreneurship and innovation. I'm an advocate of lean and agile techniques, but I do try to focus on the principles rather than particular methodologies or Agile ceremonies.

I've worked on desktop and web applications, mobilility hardware devices and enterprise mobility solutions, identification and payment technologies, wireless and RFID comms, and mobile apps.

I've worked for these companies over the years:

* ![Elsevier icon](/images/elsevier-favicon.png) [Elsevier](http://www.elsevier.com)
* ![Digital Science icon](/images/dsci-favicon.png) [Digital Science](http://www.digital-science.com)
* ![Wahoo Fitness icon](/images/wahoo-favicon.png) [Wahoo Fitness](http://www.wahoofitness.com)
* ![Grabba International icon](/images/grabba-favicon.png) [Grabba International](http://www.grabba.com)
* ![Fusion Sport icon](/images/fusion-favicon.png) [Fusion Sport](http://www.fusionsport.com)
* ![Fujitsu Australia](/images/fujitsu-favicon.png) [Fujitsu Australia](http://www.au.fujitsu.com)

I like cycling, running, travelling, programming, and tech gadgets. Also photography; check out my [photos](/photos), which I update occasionally.

This is by no means a complete picture of me, just a short backstory. Hit me up if you want to know more, I'll be happy to grab a beer.

You'll find my profiles for various sites through the icons at the bottom.

Commit message:

About page 'director role' update

about/index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About me
---

![Profile pic]({{ site.avatar }}?s=300.jpg)

My name is Nathan. I'm just another Aussie finding my way in London, accompanied in life by my beautiful wife, Rachel.

I was born in Melbourne, Australia. I moved to Brisbane in primary school and lived there until only a few years ago. Moving to London has been a life-changing experience and I'm happy Rachel was more adventurous than I, encouraging and eventually convincing me to take the steps to move.

I worked at Fujitsu through my undergraduate degrees doing various IT infrastructure installations and configurations. When I graduated I joined Grabba International as a design engineer doing electronics and software design. I progressed within Grabba to doing product management, I did an MBA part time, I even dabbled in business development and business management helping to establish their European subsidiary in the UK.

I then moved to Digital Science, part of Macmillan Publishers, focusing on software product management building science-focused products as well as mentoring and helping their portfolio of science-focused software start-ups.

I stuck with academic publishing, moving to Elsevier as a Senior Product Manager working on various teams in ScienceDirect. I'm now managing a team of product managers as a Director of Product Management in ScienceDirect, while still working closely with a development team of my own.

I've come to realise that, though I still enjoy coding and electronics design myself, product management is what I enjoy doing the most. 

I love building products that people need, that people want and that people love to use. I enjoy working with a high performing development team, coaching but also learning from my development team members and my product team. I have a general interest in start-ups, entrepreneurship and innovation. I'm an advocate of lean and agile techniques, but I do try to focus on the principles rather than particular methodologies or Agile ceremonies.

I've worked on desktop and web applications, mobilility hardware devices and enterprise mobility solutions, identification and payment technologies, wireless and RFID comms, and mobile apps.

I've worked for these companies over the years:

* ![Elsevier icon](/images/elsevier-favicon.png) [Elsevier](http://www.elsevier.com)
* ![Digital Science icon](/images/dsci-favicon.png) [Digital Science](http://www.digital-science.com)
* ![Wahoo Fitness icon](/images/wahoo-favicon.png) [Wahoo Fitness](http://www.wahoofitness.com)
* ![Grabba International icon](/images/grabba-favicon.png) [Grabba International](http://www.grabba.com)
* ![Fusion Sport icon](/images/fusion-favicon.png) [Fusion Sport](http://www.fusionsport.com)
* ![Fujitsu Australia](/images/fujitsu-favicon.png) [Fujitsu Australia](http://www.au.fujitsu.com)

I like cycling, running, travelling, programming, and tech gadgets. Also photography; check out my [photos](/photos), which I update occasionally.

This is by no means a complete picture of me, just a short backstory. Hit me up if you want to know more, I'll be happy to grab a beer.

You'll find my profiles for various sites through the icons at the bottom.
